Hello future designers.
Welcome to Another Future ABCD.
So today what we'll be doing will just be learning about Sigma components.
How to build faster.
As you see, this wasn't actually created by me.
It will take a number of hours to be able to do this.
Okay.
So let's say you want a quick story and then a way to design your UI for.
As an MVP for products.
Okay.
So what you can do instead of you getting someone to design or you design it yourself, so that's actually
do it as designed.
Okay.
We came across sigma components and then yeah.
So you visit the link sigma components as you see here.
Small component that's common then.
Here are the components you can use.
We have mobile iPhone.
So iPhone.
Just how is when they say, I want an iPhone, I can just click here.
Copied to, copied to clipboard and I'll go to my figma and then just control V or you can right click
and PC.
So that's what we have here.
Very simple, easy as pie.
And then you can decide to change the color.
So let's say I want to change the color of this background.
Just click here to feel Lincoln.
Let's use this color so you can see this change, so you can tweak it as desired then.
So there are more options that I can work through from.
The.
Rooms, dark themes.
And then.
Let's see.
See, that's all the websites.
So websites you can.
Let's see, I want this.
Okay.
I just copy this.
He wants his copy to go to my projects and then I can just see it.
So this, like this sort of taking hours to be able to accomplish this.
But since we have sigma components able to just do this as easy as by.
So just as usual, you can decide to tweak them the text, the colors, just as you would do if you
were building on your own case.
Let's just try changing the colors.
So let's go with.
Let's see this.
Q.
You can also change the text color too.
So any of the UI, everything can be changed here.
Okay.
So if you go to Sigma components here, we also have other things here.
Components.
You can visit the they can see other here.
This is.
For websites.
Okay.
So you can let's say we want let's say you want this.
So you can copy this to.
Go to your figma projects and then just paste it inside this.
Right this year.
Then I have the projects.
Or.
Actually didn't copy.
Let's see.
We copy?
Let's copy this instead.
Is this copy?
So.
You see?
So I'm trying to copy, but it's not copying.
So let's try other components and see.
It's copied to clipboard.
He seems not to be --, but I guess you guys get a concept of what the component is trying to achieve.
But you might also want to check on the terms and conditions like the terms and conditions.
Let's use a CC.
So you remember they said are not affiliated with Sigma and then let's see.
So there's a creative common attribution.
Okay, now.
Okay.
So I would advise you actually know the basics of figma like design before trying this.
Not like trying this.
This will help you build faster, but just so you don't become lazy, just know what you are trying
to do.
Make sure you.
You understand that if you actually want to be a designer, you are us designer.
Make sure you understand user research, basic the basics of UI, UX, and then make sure you have some
project that you've done.
And then you can start using these ones just to like make you build faster.
So thank you.
And then see in the next lesson.
Thank you.